== Welcome to Rails

This is the database for upanishad.info. The intent is that we store all our static
ie non changing content in a generic sql data base. Then depending on the platform 
like "Drupal" we can generate scripts that can populate the database.

== NOTICE  ==
The production database is stored in directory backup/postgre_db

I am no longer hosting the web site on heroku.

== Getting Started

1. <tt>git clone https://github.com/sanjeevs/upma_db </tt>

2. cd upma_db. We are using ruby 1.9.2-p550
   You may get the message that "You are using '.rvmrc' which requires testing.
   Say 'yes' to trust the .rvmrc file in the directory.

   Get all the gems required for the app without the production
   <tt> bundle install --without production </tt>
  
    This should show "Your bundle is complete! Gems in the group production were not installed"
      
3. Prepare the data base
   <tt> bundle exec rake db:migrate </tt>
   <tt> bundle exec rake db:test:prepare </tt> 

4. Check that rspec tests are working
   <tt> bundle exec rspec </tt>
   You will get a security warning that is ok at ignore (as per google)
   SECURITY WARNING: No secret option provided to Rack::Session::Cookie.

5. Start the server
   <tt> rails server</tt> (run with --help for options)

3. Go to http://localhost:3000/ and you'll see:
       "Welcome aboard: You're riding Ruby on Rails!"

4. Follow the guidelines to start developing your application. You can find
the following resources handy:

* The Getting Started Guide: http://guides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started.html
* Ruby on Rails Tutorial Book: http://www.railstutorial.org/

